Opsgenie team responders support (#43535)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/access-request-plugins/opsgenie.mdx

          deny: 1
      annotations:
        teleport.dev/notify-services: ['teleport-access-request-notifications']
        teleport.dev/teams: ['teleport-team']
        teleport.dev/schedules: ['teleport-access-alert-schedules']
```

The `teleport.dev/notify-services` annotation specifies the schedules the alert will be created for.
The `teleport.dev/teams` annotation specifies the teams the alert will be created for. This is useful when you

> have multiple schedules with escaltions or just an Opsgenie integrations that only works with teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have multiple schedules with escalations or an Opsgenie integration that only works with teams.
```
